Docs on alerts, dashboards and runbooks for Promscale (#1082)
timescale/docs: promscale/alerts-dashboards-runbooks.md

> # Alerts, Dashboards and Runbooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Monitoring Promscale
```

> This sections describes how one can monitor Promscale using dashboards, alerts and
> runbooks to troubleshoot Promscale.

Reviewer: Promscale comes 
```suggestion
Promscale includes a set of out-of-the-box alerts, runbooks and a Grafana dashboard that you can use to monitor it.
```

<highlight type="note">

> To use Promscale dashboard make sure to configure Promscale as Prometheus data source 

Reviewer: We should recommend that people set up a separate Prometheus instance to monitor Promscale. If Promscale goes down it won't be able to alert you that it has gone down. Then they should create a Prometheus data source in Grafana for that Prometheus instance. They also need to ensure the Prometheus instance is scraping the http://<promscale-host>:<promscale-port>/metrics where the default port is 9201

as mentioned [here](/visualize-data/grafana/#promscale-as-prometheus-datasource) to 
query the Promscale metrics from promscale.
</highlight>

## Dashboards

The dashboard consists of Promscale metrics like
    1. Overview
    2. Ingest
    3. Query
    4. Database
    5. Cache

<img class="main-content__illustration"
src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/images/misc/grafana-promscale.jpeg"
alt="Promscale metrics dashboard"/>

<procedure>

## Import Promscale dashboard

Import Promscale dashboard by following below instructions

1.  Open the dashboard published by Promscale org from the [Grafana 
    community dashboards](grafana-promscale-dashboard), select `Copy ID to Clipboard` to copy the dashboard UID.
1.  In Grafana UI select `Create` from left side menu bar, navigate to `Import`.
1.  Now paste the dashbaord UID in `Import via grafana.com` textbox and click 
    on `Load` to import the dashbaord into Grafana instance.
1.  On importing the dashboard select the `folder` to which you want to add the imported
    dashboard.
1.  Select the data source from which you want the dashboard to query the data.

>     * For Promscale metrics select the `Prometheus` data source as `Promscale-PromQL`.

Reviewer: This should be the data source they created for the separate Prometheus instance

</procedure>

## Alerts

You can configure alerting rules for Promscale to fire alerts 
when something doesn't work as expected in Promscale.

[Here](promscale-alerting-rules) are the alerting rules for Promscale. These 

> alerting rules can be configured on Prometheus end or on Promscale end to evaluate

Reviewer: Those should be evaluated in the separate Prometheus instance. Again you don't want your monitoring tool to monitor itself

the alerting rules.

## Runbooks

> The runbooks are to troubleshoot the most common issues noticed while running 

Reviewer: If I am not mistaken the runbooks are linked in the alert messages that are sent. We should say that.

Author: yup!
